Release v1.2.8 (#1438)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.2.md

Just as with the UI, the `slug` can still always be explicitly set if desired.

> ## v1.2.8 (2022-MM-DD)

Reviewer: Reminder to add the date before merge.

Author: 💡

Just as with the UI, the `slug` can still always be explicitly set if desired.

## v1.2.8 (2022-MM-DD)

### Added

- [#839](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/839) - Add CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md to repository.
- [#1299](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1299) - Add SECURITY.md to repository.
- [#1388](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1388) - Added beta version of GitHub Issue Form style for feature request.

> - [#1419](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1419) - Add Documentation for Specifying CA Cert File for LDAP Auth Backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1419](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1419) - Add documentation for specifying a CA cert file for LDAP authentication backend.
```
